---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "pas_account_gcp_service_account Resource - terraform-provider-pas"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Resource to manage a GCP Service Account in CyberArk PAS
---

# pas_account_gcp_service_account (Resource)

Resource to manage a GCP Service Account in CyberArk PAS

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "pas_account_gcp_service_account" "gcp_sa" {
  safe_name = "MySafe"
  username  = "service-account@project-id.iam.gserviceaccount.com"
  key_id    = "fOaULWiinTfatlEMeUPScRqi9n0oQmBywvtN3jc7"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `safe_name` (String) The name of the safe to create the GCP service account in.
- `username` (String) The e-mail of the GCP service account.

### Optional

- `change_account` (Block Set, Max: 1) The account to use as the change account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--change_account))
- `impersonate_user` (String) The name of the user with user management permissions that the plugin uses for connecting and managing account passwords for the GCP Account Management plugin.
- `name` (String) The name of the account.
- `platform_id` (String) The Platform ID to use for the GCP Service Account. Defaults to `GCPServiceAccount`.
- `populate_key` (Boolean) Indicates whether to populate the key if it doesn't exist on reconcile.
- `reconcile_account` (Block Set, Max: 1) The account to use as the reconcile account. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--reconcile_account))

### Read-Only

- `category_modification_time` (Number)
- `created_time` (Number)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_id` (String) The ID of the GCP key

<a id="nestedblock--change_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `change_account`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the account to use as the change account.
- `safe_name` (String) The name of the safe that contains the account to use as the change account.

Optional:

- `folder` (String) The folder the change account is located in. Defaults to `Root`.


<a id="nestedblock--reconcile_account"></a>
### Nested Schema for `reconcile_account`

Required:

- `name` (String) The name of the account to use as the change account.
- `safe_name` (String) The name of the safe that contains the account to use as the change account.

Optional:

- `folder` (String) The folder the change account is located in. Defaults to `Root`.


